Update Word.Paragraphs.Add.md (#1727)
MicrosoftDocs/VBA-Docs: api/Word.Paragraphs.Add.md

# Paragraphs.Add method (Word)

> Returns a **Paragraph** object When the caller is not the last paragraph in a document, that represents a new, blank paragraph added to a document, otherwise, that will be the calling paragraph itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a **Paragraph** object that represents a new, blank paragraph added to the document.
When the caller is not the last paragraph in a document, **Paragraph** adds a new, blank paragraph at the insertion point. When adding a paragraph to the very end, the insertion point will be before the last paragraph, and thus the new paragraph will be inserted as the second-to-last.
```
